Minor fixes to GAMS code found by newest codeCheck (#910)
magpiemodel/magpie: CHANGELOG.md

### fixed
- **59_som** Carry the soil carbon stock (`pcm_carbon_stock(...,"soilc",...)`) forward each timestep in `postsolve` (both `cellpool_jan23` and `static_jan19`), so the soil term in `vm_emissions_reg` (`q52_emis_co2_actual`) is a per-timestep flux instead of a cumulative-since-initialisation change.
- **21_trade** Bugfix and refinement of bilateral trade realization to avoid infeasibiliteis in SSP4 and SSP5.

> - **09_drivers**, **14_yields**, **15_food** Minor stylistic improvements to GAMS code corresponding to new gms::codeCheck version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **09_drivers**, **14_yields**, **15_food** Minor stylistic improvements to GAMS code following capitalization consistency rules in `gms::codeCheck`.
```
